
i have climbed enough: i just enter a beautiful path between two hills on top of a very olf mountain.
between those two hills, whose boundary makes a rigole snaking towards me, i see a distinct fog coming in, 
sliding and smoking along the rigole towards my side. it behaves like an animal, vast, dense, smooth and fast.
a part of my brain reacts, or wants to react telling me: careful, in a few moments you 'll be surrounded and you wont see jack around, just go back down or go straigh the path you came for, to avoid it or to be slihgtly above it on this old maountina to see it.
but that went really fast on my brain, and i was just a spectator of these thoughts,
it did not interract with me, cause deep down, it decided to discard the logic mental-fm thoughts.
so i stared at it and i felt it inside of me.
yeats after, i still remmeber the sensation of this large alive unkowon space coming towards this in between hills mountain top space where i was in the middle.
i could not stop watching and feeling every second. it was far enough to see  it moving with very distinct silouhettes and close enough so i could feel some adrenaline.
another part of my brain switched off showing me how special this moment wsa and how unique it was and that my deep inside was enjoying it, evenen more than me.
my mental-fm part could not vibrate enough to impose itself.
hence indeed, a part of me was related to this nature phenomenon.
i guess we can easily understand that if we really were the protagonist of that movie in a dangeous scene, we just stare living in the moment instead of doing what we shout in front of the tv.

a distant traveler, a woman, hikes nearby, i can her silouhettes, she is not that fit but muscular enough to have beautiful shapes in her hiking too-fitting suit that women liek to wear.
i just saw her in a glance my brain told, depicted these details all in a moment, without aksing my permissions, without warning me, but 
by stoling my likes and what i am attracted for. bestial instinct.

actually the first story is true and only happened once where the second, totally uncorrelated, happened many times, always in different context and circumstances.
i love both. both driven by bestial instinct. well, it'd be sad if someone could not see the beauty in the first story. 
but it would be unatural and quite preocpating if a normal heterosexual (normal would mean here, normally attracted by women's look but suddenly is not) does not.

the moutnain could be 5000 years old, i could be totally mesmerized by the unique scene, a dinosaur eggs could unfreeze before me,
a dodo would emerge from behind a rock hole, a extraterrestrial could fly across the sky, whatever happens, if a stranger woman comes in the scene for less a second and my mind forgets about the world
admiring her imperfect but so feminine curves.
she would become the frame all artists never managed to capture, the choregraph who never have angles pointof view to model....

